All of the lessons and exams included in this bot are derived from elementary japanese textbooks and workbooks. The class integrated into our bot is equivalent to and inspired by a Japanese 121 course you'd find at an American college.

How the class works is, once you enroll using the `/enroll` command, the bot will set your enrollment date. This enrollment date will control the pacing of your learning. For example, if you start on January 1st, you will have access to a certain number of lessons. You will not, however, be able to take that lessons' assignments until January 3rd, for example. During this time, you are to study those lessons and those lessons only. Use the `/quiz` command and `/lesson` command to study up for your lessons' assignments. 
Once the date for your assignments open up, you should be ready to turn them in and pass with no problem. You can turn in your assignments using the `/assignment` command.  The assignment command works by inserting an assignment code. Assignment codes are given at the end of each lesson. You must turn in all of that lesson's assignments and earn a passing grade (70% or higher) in order to move on to the next lesson. 

**Class Structure And Payment Model**
This class costs **$8 USD Per Month**. You pay for this class via the Discord Subscription feature. `Why are you charging us monthly?` There are three reasons for this payment model. Firstly, I wanted to make it as easy as possible for people to pay for this class, and Discord only supports subscriptions at the moment. Reason number 2: This bot took hundreds and hundreds of hours to make, we had so much work to do that we had to pay people to do data entry for us, so that we could focus on other aspects of the bot. And the third and arguably best reason for the monthly cost of this class: It gives you an incentive, as a student, to perform well in this class and work at the pace that we intend you to work at. As you know, each lesson has a "Learning Period". This learning period is the minimum amount of time you must spend on a lesson before the bot will let you move on to the next one. There is, however, no maximum time limit. The way the bot is set up right now, It should take you about 2 months to complete this entire course. That's $16. If you fall behind on your work, if you get lazy, if you aren't actively trying to learn Japanese, you're going to end up paying more than that $16. That will work as an incentive for you to stay on top of your work and get through this class.

**The Goal Of This Class**
This class will *not make you fluent in Japanese*. Japanese, especially for us English speakers, is an incredibly difficult language to learn. This class, just like a college beginner-level Japanese course, is meant to lay out the groundwork for your journey. The point of this class is to get you ready for the next, and more fun parts of learning Japanese. It will prepare you for immersion, it will prepare you for speaking to people in Japanese, and it'll help get you to a point to where you feel confident in yourself. The hardest part about learning a language is the very beginning. It's difficult to maintain that motivation throughout all the struggling and boring grammar that you have to go through. The biggest thing that really helped me learn Japanese was my college course that I paid $750 for. It gave me the structure and incentive to keep on going that I hope this class will do for all of you.